An ex-girlfriend is the same as an ok movie... I liked it at the time but i never want to see it again.;
If someone asks you if you are ticklish, it doesn't matter what you say. They are going to touch you.;
ear piercings are the same as sneezes... 2 is okay but 10 in a row is annoying.;
If you have a fat friend there are no see-saws, only catapults.;
I like video games, but they're so violent. If i ever made a video game, it would be a game, where you had to take care of all the people who have been shot in the other games. "Hey, dude. What are you playing?" "Super Busy Hospital.... 2. Please leave me alone. I'm preforming surgery on a man who was shot in the head 47 times.";
A drunk driver is dangerous; everybody knows that, but so is a drunk back seat driver, if he's persuasive. "Hey, dude, make a left." "those are trees..." "(whispering) Trust me...";
Employee of the month is a good example of how someone can be a winner and a loser at the same time.;
I like frisbees. Because a frisbee is the only object you can hit someone with, and it's okay...;
I went into a store and i went into the card section. I saw a card that "get well soon..." **** that. "Get well NOW.";
i only did that because i'm quoting some one else, but yes, i agree;
Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings.;
every fight is a food fight when you're a cannibal.;
"'Sort of' is such a harmless thing to say. Sort of. It's just a filler. Sort of - it doesn't really mean anything. But after certain things, sort of means everything. Like after 'I love you' or 'You're going to live' or 'It's a boy.'";
"I was in a store and I saw a pocket dictionary and that made me laugh because it's such…a specific item. I don't know that many words and I'm going out…and I have pants. Perfect!";
I'm sick of following my dreams. I'm just gonna ask where they're going and hook up with them later.;
i bought a house once. it was a 2 bed room house. but i think it's up to me how many bed rooms there are. This bedroom has kitchen appliances in it. And this one has a bunch of people sitting around watching tv. I my other bed room is in that guys house.;
An apple a day, keeps anyone away, if you throw it hard enough;
Buying a gun for my wife is like saying I want to commit suicide... but i want it to be a suprise.;
if i ever opened up a book store, i would make the mystery section really hard to find.... "excuse me, do you have any mystery novels?" "Well that's a damn good question...";
i like golf. i've never made a hole in one, but i did hit a guy...... and i think thats way more satisfying. they say you're supposed to yell "fore" but i was to busy yelling "there ain't no way that's gonna hit him.";
i don't like those "do not disturb" signs.... why don't we use "don't"? i think it's time to embrace the contraction. because "do not" sikes you out. "DO... alright, i get to disturb this guy, NOT, DANG IT!!!! I NEED TO READ FASTER!!!!!";
i don't want to be a race car driver. i wanna be a race car passenger. that would be way more fun. "hey man, can i turn on the radio? You should slow down. Why do we have to keep going in circles? Man, you must really like tide.";
i haven't slept for 10 days...... because that would be too long. (think about it);
i got into an argument with my girlfriend inside of a tent. that's a bad place for an argument, 'cuz then i tried to walk out, and slam the flap... How are you supposed to express your anger in this situation? Zipper it up really quick?;
a guy handed my a picture and said "here's a picture of me when i was younger." every picture is of you when you were younger! you won't hear "Here's a picture of me when i was older." "You son of a ...., how'd you pull that off? let me see that camera.";
I hate picketing but i don't know how to show it.;
I brought a donut and the guy gave me a receipt for the donut. I don't need a receipt for the donut, I give you the money, you give me the donut, end of transaction. We do not need to bring ink and paper into this. I can not imagine the scenario where I would have to prove that I bought a donut. Some skeptical friend. Don't even act like I didn't get that donut. I got the documentation right here.;
I was walking down the street with my friend and he said 'I hear music,' as though there's any other way to take it in. 'You're not special. That's how I receive it too... I tried to taste it, but it did not work.';
I was walking by a dry cleaner at three a.m., and it said "Sorry, we're closed." You don't have to be sorry. It's three a.m., and you're a dry cleaner. It would be ridiculous for me to expect you to be open. I'm not gonna walk by at ten and say, "Hey, I walked by at three, you guys were closed. Someone owes me an apology. This jacket would be halfway done!";
I had a neighbor, and whenever he would knock on my wall I knew he wanted me to turn my music down, and that made me angry because I like loud music, so when he knocked on the wall I'd mess with his head. I'd say: "Go around! I cannot open the wall. I don't know if you have a doorknob on the other side, but over here there's nothing. It's just flat.";
I don't have a girlfriend. I just know a girl who would get really mad if she heard me say that.;
I ordered a chicken sandwich but I don't think the waitress understood me because she said, "How would you like your eggs?" So I tried to answer her anyhow. I said "Incubated, and then raised, and then beheaded, and then plucked and then cut up then put onto a grill then put onto a bun... it's gonna take awhile. I don't have time, scrambled!";
I saw a commercial on late night TV, it said,"Forget everything you know about slipcovers." So I did. And it was a load off my mind. Then the commercial tried to sell me slipcovers, and I didn't know what the hell they were.;
I love my fed-ex guy cause he's a drug dealer and doesn't even know it...and he's ALWAYS on time!;
People think i'm into sports just because i'm a man... i'm not into sports! i mean, i do like gatorade, but that's about as far as i go. And by the way, you don't have to be sweaty and holding a basketball to enjoy a gatorade. You can just be a "Thirsty Dude!" Gatorade forgets about this demografic. "I'm thirsty for absolutely no reason... other than the fact that liquid has not touched my lips in some time. Can i have a Gatorade too, or does that lightning bolt mean NO?";
I wanted a candle holder but the store didn't have one so I bought a cake;
i used to do drugs, i still do, but i used to too;
I don't have a microwave but I do have a clock that occasionally cooks stuff;
I like cinnamon rolls, but I don't always have time to make a pan. That's why I wish they would sell cinnamon roll incense. After all I'd rather light a stick and have my roommate wake up with false hopes.;
That would be cool if you could eat a good food with a bad food and the good food would cover for the bad food when it got to your stomach. Like you could eat a carrot with an onion ring and they would travel down to your stomach, then they would get there, and the carrot would say, "It's cool, he's with me.";
If you had a friend who was a tightrope walker, and you were walking down a sidewalk, and he fell, that would be completely unacceptable...;
i don't care what any one says about this next one.. i like it!! I spilled spot remover on my dog and now he's gone.;
i find that in most theme parks, the theme is, "wait in line, fatty.";
Spare change is the same as wedgies. I don't give it unless someone's really asking;
if at first you don't succeed, deny you ever tried at all;
a cactus is the opposite of a chair...... self-explanitory;
i think an eating contest is really just the begging of a crappy contest... hey, congrats, but in round two, everybody loses... those hot dogs have to exit.;
Imagine how weird phones would look if your mouth was no where near your ear;
My nephew has HDADD... High Definition Attention Deficite Disorder. He can barely pay attention, but when he does it's unbelievably real;
in school they told me "practice makes makes perfect" and then they told me "nobody's perfect" so then i stopped practicing;
you know, if heat rises, then heaven might be hotter than hell...;
i have a half twin.......;
I'm addicted to placebos... i could quit but it wouldn't matter;
i was driving down the freeway and there was a guy hitchhiking and holding a sign that said "heaven," so i hit him;
i tried to hang myself with bungee cord, i kept almost dying;
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.;
OK, so what's the speed of dark?;
When everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.;
Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines.;
What happens if you get scared half to death twice?;
I couldn't repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder.;
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research.;
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up;
Drugs may lead to nowhere, but at least it's the scenic route.;
Someone sent me a postcard picture of the earth. On the back it said, "Wish you were here.";
i know these last ones are meh... but i'm searching for more material;
The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on;
I bought some batteries, but they weren't included.;
ok, this one i actually got from work customer: "Hi, i need to buy a hammer." me: "well sir, what kind of hammer are you looking for?" customer: "I need a cordless hammer.";
"quiz" is to "quizical" as "test" is to _______;
if barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?;
sometimes when you lose, you really win... like when you're playing musical electric chairs;
when i was a kid, my grandma gave me $5 and said "now don't tell your mom that i'm giving this to you." i said, "it's gonna cost you more than that";
i almost broke my arms trying to hold open a revolving door. yeah i know, that one sux... but i couldn't think of anytin else 2 say... btw Cody, sweeet assss avy!!!! rocks on mans. A+++++;
sometimes i like to stand near atms. then when ppl put in their number i yell, "got it!" and run away;
i like board games. but it seams like all board games should have the same title. how about, lets play "which one of my friends is a competitive asshole?" looks like tonight we played "steve";
i wanna launch a globe into space... just to mess with astronauts... "Captain... we're way further than i thought.";
i was eating a bowl of cereal. and i had all these questions and comments. luckily there was a number on the back of the box. so i called and said "i have a question... Is this cereal as delicious as i think it is? and i have a comment... YES!!!";
i don't like fountains. They're unnatural rainbows, they anger God;
i've noticed that peeing IN the pool is not the same as peeing INTO the pool. don't make my same mistake;
one day i asked my girlfriend if she'd ever had sex with a woman. she said no. i said "you should try it. it's fun" she did and now she's gone;
hey blood bank, that cookie sucked. i want my blood back;
if i had a nickel for every time i was wrong, i would be broke;
I just broke up with someone and the last thing she said to me was "You'll never find anyone like me again!" I'm thinking, "I should hope not! If I don't want you, why would I want someone like you.";
Love is like a booger. You keep picking at it until you get it, then wonder what to do with it.;
Everyone has a photographic memory. Some don't have film.;
The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on.;
Men are like parking spots, the good ones are taken and the free ones are handicapped.;
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine; he gets better with age. The next day, she locked me in the cellar.;
"One of the great things about books is sometimes there are some fantastic pictures." -George W. Bush;
There is a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.;
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, what the hell happened to my ceiling?!;
I have opinions of my own -- strong opinions -- but I don't always agree with them. - George Bush;
"Who are you and how did you get in here?" "I'm a locksmith. And... I'm a locksmith...";
for the fellow marching band members... "What is the football team doing on the band field!?!";
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep -- not screaming, like the passengers in his car;
I'm an excellent housekeeper. Every time I get a divorce, I keep the house;
I remember the time I was kidnapped and they sent a piece of my finger to my father. He said he wanted more proof.;
You have a cough? Go home tonight, eat a whole box of Ex-Lax, tomorrow you'll be afraid to cough;
Why does Sea World have a seafood restaurant?? I'm halfway through my fish burger and I realize, Oh man....I could be eating a slow learner.;
Flying is simple. You just throw yourself at the ground and miss.;
Avoid hangovers: stay drunk.;
Most people are only alive because it is illegal to shoot them.;
Girls want a lot of things from one guy. Conversely, guys want one thing from a lot of girls.;
An alcoholic is someone you don't like who drinks as much as you do.;
Don't drink and drive, you might hit a bump and spill your drink.;
Time is never wasted when you're wasted all the time.;
Black Holes are where God divided by zero.;
A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the word you first thought of.;
Yes, madam, I am drunk. But in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly.;
you aint drunk until you have to hold onto the grass to keep from falling off the face of the earth;
I went to a meeting for premature ejaculators. I left early;
I sold my house this week. I got a pretty good price for it, but it made my landlord mad as hell.;
I've often wanted to drown my troubles, but I can't get my wife to go swimming.;
I had plenty of pimples as a kid. One day I fell asleep in the library. When I woke up, a blind man was reading my face.;
My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was sixty. She's ninety-seven now, and we don't know where the hell she is.;
Once you can accept the universe as matter expanding into nothing that is something, wearing stripes with plaid comes easy;
USA Today has come out with a new survey: Apparently three out of four people make up 75 percent of the population;
Avoid fruits and nuts. You are what you eat.;
i wrote a letter to my dad. i was going to write "i really enjoy being here" but i accidentally wrote "rarely" instead of "really" but i didn't want to cross it out so i wrote, "i rarely.... drive steam boats dad. theres alot of s*** you don't know about me. i know this letter took a harsh turn";
i think big foot IS blurry; thats the problem. It's not the photographers fault. Big foot is blurry. and thats a scary thought. It's just a large, out-of-focus monster... roaming the country side. "RUN!! he's fuzzy!! get outa here";
my sister wanted to be an actress. she's not an actress, but she does live in a trailer.... she got half-way;
i know alot about cars. i can look at a cars head lights and tell you exactly which way it's coming.;
they say it's not the size of the boat, but rather the motion of the ocean... well that may be, but i know it's pretty hard to get across the pacific ocean in a row boat.;
sex is important to guys.... we need stories to tell to our friends;
i was having sex with this girl, and i didn't know she was having an asthma attack, and i thought i was GOD;
Procrastination is the greatest laborsaving invention of all time.;
A good lawyer knows the law; a clever one takes the judge to lunch.;
Most people are only alive because it is illegal to shoot them.;
i think plastic surgery gives women the rare opportunity to make their outward appearance reflect their inward appearance... FAKE;
if you can't tell the difference between a spoon and a ladle, then ur fat;
this one is fun to say. "out of all your friends, you're the best in bed";
I hate housework. You make the beds, you wash the dishes and six months later you have to start all over again.;
An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have: the older she gets, the more interested he is in her.;
I went to a restaurant that serves "breakfast at any time". So I ordered French Toast during the Renaissance.;
I went to a general store. They wouldn't let me buy anything specifically;
my girlfriend asked, "have you been having sex behind my back?" and i said, "well who did you think it was!?";
A friend of mine once sent me a post card with a picture of the entire planet Earth taken from space. On the back it said, "Wish you were here.";
He was a multi-millionaire. Wanna know how he made all of his money? He designed the little diagrams that tell which way to put batteries in.;
I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol.;
I had some eyeglasses. I was walking down the street when suddenly the prescription ran out.;
I love to go shopping. I love to freak out salespeople. They ask me if they can help me, and I say, "Have you got anything I'd like?" Then they ask me what size I need, and I say, "Extra medium.";
I went down the street to the 24-hour grocery. When I got there, the guy was locking the front door. I said, "Hey, the sign says you're open 24 hours." He said, "Yes, but not in a row.";
i heard this one today "everytime barrack obama speaks, an angel has an orgasm";
i burnt down my insurance company for the insurance money;
"about a month ago, i bought a cactus. and a week later, it died. then i realized 'damn, i'm less nurturing than a desert.' (ladies, thats not true)";
i like fruit baskets because they enable you to mail someone fruit without appearing insane. if you just mailed someone some apples they'de be like "wtf is this?" but if you put them in basket they're like "this is nice!";
as i lay in bed at night, i look up at the stars and wonder to myself... what the HELL happened to my ceiling?!;
At what age do you think it's appropriate to tell a highway it's adopted?;
I dream of moving to India, or Pakistan, and becoming a cabdriver.;
Confucius Say - He who drop watch in toilet, going to have crappy time (ty vans);
Have you ever been so drunk that you wet the bed? And I don't mean you were sleeping, I mean you were standing over it pissing on it.;
that show the amazing race... is that about white people?;
Some authors write in first person and others write in third person. But I'm writing my book in fifth person, so every sentence starts out with: ''I heard from this guy who told somebody....'';
There's a saying that goes "People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones." Okay. How about "Nobody should throw stones." That's crappy behavior. My policy is: "No stone throwing regardless of housing situation." Don't do it. There is one exception though. If you're trapped in a glass house, and you have a stone, then throw it. What are you, an idiot? So maybe it's "Only people in glass houses should throw stones, provided they are trapped in the house with a stone." It's a little longer, but yeah.;
hiking is just walking where its ok to pee... sometimes old people hike by mistake;
a powernap is sleeping on someone whos weaker than you;
The easiest time to add insult to injury is when you're signing somebody's cast. "You're a d***! You deserved this! Also I'm sorry I broke your leg.";
sex is the same as pizza. when its good, its good; when its bad, you get it on your shirt;
"to be is to do" - socrates "to do is to be" - sarte "do be do be do" - sinatra;
of all the people i know, ur one of them;
raising your voice the next best thing to being right;
a guitar is like a woman. you must hold her delicately. she has a beautiful curves, a long, slender neck, and a beautiful voice she also has a hole;
a 1st grade teacher asks the class "what sound does a pig make?" Lil Tyrone stood up and said, "Hands on the wall motherf*****!!";
i take the "b, a, t" out of basement;
a severed foot is the ultimate stocking stuffer;
i was at a park and i saw a kid flying a kite. he was so excited that his kite was in the sky i dont know why.... thats what they're supposed to do. now if he had a chair on the other end of that string, i wouldn't have known. imagine trying to fly a chair... you'de have to run like a mother ffffffff;
having sex is like doing homework i do it best when i'm alone in my bed;
a good woman can do 70 chores around the house. cooking and 69;
sometimes i talk to myself fluently in languages i'm unfamiliar with just to screw with my subconcious...;
my doctor said i shouldnt work out anymore until i'm in better shape i said "alright, dont send me a bill until i pay you.";
"is that a hobbit over there?" "no, thats a hobo and a rabbit... but they're making a hobbit";
be weary when treading in the land of dragons, for you are crunchy and taste good with ketchup;
In the Year 3000, YouTube, Twitter, and Facebook will merge to form one super time wasting website call "YouTwitFace";
If a "tweet" is when someone updates their twitter, then is the past tense form a "twat?";
I saw a bumper sticker that said "Live every day like it's the last day of your life." I don't recommend that. I tried that one time. It was a Wednesday. I woke up, quit my job, slapped a cop, and hit on my girlfriends mother. Then Thursday rolled around, much to my chagrin... Turns out they don't have any bumper stickers telling you what to do the day after you live the previous day like it was the last day of the rest of your life.;
If you took every person in China and laid them head to toe across the entire world, you would drown about half of them.;
I told my girlfriend, "You shouldn't eat before you go swimming." She asked, "And why is that?" "Because you're fat.";
Tattoos to get just above my waist line on my stomach: Caution, Choking Hazard For ages 18 and older. Warning, May Contain Nuts;
British scientists have demonstrated that cigarettes can harm your children. Fair enough. Use an ashtray.;
My girlfriend bought a cook book the other day called 'Cheap and easy vegetarian cooking'. Which is perfect for her, because not only is she vegetarian...;
When someone close to you dies, move seats.;
My girlfriend said to me, "Have you been having sex behind my back?" I said, "Well who the hell did you think it was?.... And another thing, it wouldn't kill you to turn around every now and then and check how I'm doing.";
A will is a dead giveaway.;
From news station: "Next up, a new erectile dysfunction treatment that works by chemically reducing a woman's expectations.";
"Do not compute the totality of your poultry population until all the manifestations of incubation have been entirely completed.";
I stayed up all night playing poker with tarot cards. I got a full house and four people died.;
Having a male gynecologist is like going to an auto mechanic who doesn't own a car.;
You ever have sex so good that you come home and tell your wife?;
If it's called Final Fantasy, why are there 13 of them?;
If I had a dime for every time a homeless guy asked me for change I'd still say no.;
My therapist says I have a preoccupation with vengeance. We'll see about that.